Pixelab now supports bigger pixel art.
I'm using the create image small to XL
tool where I generated this purple mage
in a 128x [music] 128 canvas, but we can
go higher. I'll add my character as a
reference and I'll make my canvas size
256x
256. Check this out. I'll hit generate.
And there we have a bigger full body
image. But wait, we can go bigger. Let's
change it to 512x 512. [music] And bam,
huge character art. Let's try a concept
scene now. A wizard fighting a dragon.
[music] Pretty cool, I must say. And we
can also edit these huge images using
the edit image tool. [music] I'll make
it snowy and change the subjects. Boom.
You can make any kind of image. And now
with a lot more detail.